hello my loves today our cyber tip
beauty for you who are suffering from
damaged hair
have you ever stopped to think that many
Sometimes we use the mask of course.
it is very important for you to have a
recharge more intense than you remembered
only you knew that a
shampoo for damaged hair
can improve performance up to the brand
Why are you already preparing your hair?
since the washing so I'll introduce
for you in the shampoo note 10 that I already
I know and I will tell you that when I used it
he usually tests some products, right?
I'm so tough on the test
I said okay, I'll go there and see the
hair with it smell wonderful to
creamy texture alexandre because
to make rich lather is I will not pass
conditioner
I want to see what will happen the people
my hair looked so beautiful and it had not
My hair is not clear easy.
So that's okay, I'll go out there
with an advantage but hair and with
wonderful because this kind of today that
You see, it's the ex 30 networks who
was made for those with hair
damaged and needs a treatment
intense since the shampoo because who has
ceramides and protein will already work
in the most damaged areas of the hair is
Can you guys get this back?
resistance that is missing then goes
reconstructing the hair fiber and also
gives a restoration in protection because the
Damaged hair is more exposed
It's a hair that anything that you
make a basic brush is going to get worse
the situation so he really needs
well-focused treatment.
to be able to recover quickly
for you not to risk the
to jeopardize giving him that I who is
with a unified bank does not have time to
losing has to care and the brightness is not
beyond all this reconstruction of the
resistance of the hair
will be mine protein
you have here a brightness recovery
of hair
often it also is by ozu
opaque with that touch is not a
soft touch is not a silky touch and this
Shampoo I found in the clear wash
used does not make as much foam and
second, it does a lot and like this foam
could get a hand through the
avoiding those wires then we already feel the
hair was fine but I was what
happened he dried disciplined and macy
so I thought it was fantastic that with a
washing in the first wash I already liked
of the result and of course my hair is not
so damaged so I have here the
My questions that I use a lot are
thermal procedures and then
in when I like to use a shampoo more
power and is super ok then to
You who need a recovery there?
will let your hair little by little
better developing resistance
strengthens and returns the brightness
to get a healthy hair face
I hope you liked the tip that one
Sweetest beauty is from here.
once again has had a video that the
people made a selection of various shampoos and
explaining why using more than one
time in their treatment already takes
I watched this video to stay hospitalized
here in our tips to leave you
more secure at the time of purchase and more
beautiful in your day to day a big kiss
for you
I hope you have enjoyed it and the
people see in the next video